Scheduled Searches: Subquery optimization (#5629)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/scheduled-searches/schedule-search.md

This setting is different than the Time Range option configured for the Saved Search. The first time range is only used when you run the Saved Search from the Library. This Time Range applies to your Scheduled Search.
:::

:::note

> The time range limitations below applies to both parent queries and sub-queries in your scheduled search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time range limitations below apply to both parent queries and subqueries in your scheduled search.
```
